Real-time Test Manager/Lead Interview Questions:
Question 1. As a Test Manager, how do you divide your time into Various Tasks?
Question 2. How do you do test estimation of a story from a testing perspective? What are the different factors that you will consider during test estimation?
Question 3. What will be your approach when a customer reports 2 or 3 critical bugs after release?
Question 4. What would be your approach when it is 7 days since the client reports the bugs?
How will you be able to restore the client's confidence and make sure that these things won't happen again in the future?
Question 5. What will be your approach if the client requirement is changing very frequently?
Question 6. What are the different factors/parameters you will consider when you review the test cases written by your team members?
Question 7. If your team member is not giving the output as expected then what will be your approach to handle this?
Question 8. What kind of work you have done in your organization and how you manage that?
Question 9. Which approach is best according to you TDD or BDD and Why?
Question 10. What is the process that you follow for deliveries? What is the path to production? After every sprint you go to production or any release cycle is there?
Question 11. What different sprint ceremonies do you guys perform?
Question 12. What different activities do you perform when sprint, starting ongoing and when finish?
Question 13. How is the planning for testing in a sprint?
Question 14. What will be your approach if the person who is working on the most critical task is not available for 1 week?
Question 15. Do you create any QA Plan during the sprint and what do you write under it?
Question 16. What would be your approach if the story is not delivered on time? What are the different steps you take?
Question 17. Have you created any site plans?
Question 18. How do you plan manual and automation testing in a Sprint?
Question 19. Do you do a manual test first and then automation or do both in ||ll?
Question 20. If the client requirement is that you need to do all automation in the same sprint then what would be your approach?
Question 21. Is it possible to test the story by automation only.? How we will work on it? What are the requirements to fill this thing?
Question 22. What kind of report that you share when you deliver?
Question 23. How do you share the performance of the QA team? What are the things that you add to this performance report?
Question 24. What are the different defect leakages that you faced till now?
Question 25. How do you do QA estimation for the new requirement? How do you calculate how much testing is required? What factors are there to set this?